Introduction {#mainpage}
========================

Overview {#overview}
====================
This repository is best considered in two parts. The first is a CMSSW package (UserCode/ICHiggsTauTau), which follows the standard conventions:

 - Physics object classes defined and implemented in the `interface` and `src` directories
 - CMSSW modules defined and implemented in the plugins directory that covert CMSSW objects to these formats
 - Configuration fragments for cmsRun jobs in the `python` directory
 - Complete configurations for cmsRun jobs in the `test` directory
 - Compiled using the `scram` tool, which will produce ROOT dictionaries for the object classes following the specification in the `src/classes.h` and `src/classes_def.xml`

The second part is an offline analysis framework, organised into a series of packages within the `Analysis` directory. This provides:

  - A modular build system implemented with `make`
  - A simple framework for analysing events, in which the work is done by module classes, in a similar fashion to the CMSSW framework
  - The same physics object classes from above are provided in the `Objects` package, with ROOT dictionaries built using the standard `rootcint` method and steered by the `Objects/interface/LinkDef.h` file.

The CMSSW-facing part of the package is designed to meet the following goals:

  - All object classes and CMSSW modules compile successfully with `scram` in each of the supported CMSSW releases
    + Currently the `CMSSW_4_2_8_patch7` release, the `CMSSW_5_3_X` and `CMSSW_7_0_X` series have been explicitly tested. If you need to use it in a different release and run into problems, raise an issue [here](https://github.com/ajgilbert/ICHiggsTauTau/issues)
  - The core set of CMSSW producer modules will run successfully in a default configuration, provided the relevant input collection is present in the processed dataset
    + The cmsRun config file `test/validation_cfg.py` is the standard means of testing this. Run this first in a new release to ensure everything is working. This config loads default producer configurations from the file `python/default_producers_cfi.py`.
  - If a producer requires additional input to calculate certain variables the loading of these inputs should be optional. Any features not supported (i.e. do not compile) in all the CMSSW releases above are moved to external packages
  - Wherever possible, each producer accepts either a `vector<T>` or `edm::RefVector<T>` collection as input. The latter is one of the (many) smart-pointer containers in CMSSW, somewhat equivalent in concept to a vector of pointers, `vector<T *>`. This is achieved with the use of the `edm::View<T>` as the type of the `edm::Handle` used to extract these collections, as it provides a consistent interface into both types of the container.


Getting Started {#getting-started}
==================================
The tree on the left of this page can be used to navigate around the documentation. Most has been automatically generated by doxygen, and can be accessed via *Namespaces*, *Data Structures* or *Files*. You can also search for the documentation on a particular class or function using the search box on the top right. Other documentation pages are also linked:

  - \ref cmssw-and-git \n Follow these instructions for setting up a new CMSSW area using `git` and adding the **ICHiggsTauTau** package
  - \ref physics-objects \n This page is the main entry point for documentation on the physics object classes and the CMSSW producer modules
  - \ref ntuple-config \n A short introduction to building a python cmsRun configuration using these modules
  - \ref build-system \n Documents the folder structure and the build system for the analysis framework part of the package

\note Sign-up for commit notification emails by joining the *ic-cms-github-notifications* e-group [here](https://e-groups.cern.ch/e-groups) (CERN login required). Notifications are sent whenever new content (commits, branches, tags etc.) are pushed to our CMSSW or analysis repositories.


Adding your own documentation
==============================
 - Doxygen ([link](http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/)) is used to document classes, functions and objects using a special comments syntax. The configuration for this package is in the `Doxyfile` at the root of the package
 - Currently, all the code in `ICHiggsTauTau/{interface/src/plugins}` is parsed
 - To add code from your own ICHiggsTauTau/Analysis/{Package} area, append the relevant directories to the **INPUT** setting in the `Doxyfile`, e.g. add `INPUT += Analysis/HiggsTauTau/interface Analysis/HiggsTauTau/src`
 - Documentation pages like this one are also created by Doxygen and can be written using the markdown syntax ([details here](http://www.stack.nl/~dimitri/doxygen/manual/markdown.html)). To add your own page create a file `docs/{your-page}.md`, and add this to the **INPUT** list in the doxygen. Note that the order in which pages appear in the contents pane to the left is set by the order in which they appear in this **INPUT** list.

